.TH PV-TUI 1 "2026-06-05" "PV Estimator 0.1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
pv-tui \- interactive terminal UI for PV Estimator
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pv-tui
.RI [ OPTIONS ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B pv-tui
runs an interactive local terminal UI for photovoltaic production estimates. It
uses the embedded tight-v1 INT8 source-model bundle unless a model directory is
provided. The Arrays field accepts one or more [name,]kWp,tilt,azimuth entries separated
by semicolons. The TUI shows parsed total kWp and per-array summary rows below
the Arrays field. Long field values scroll horizontally with the cursor and use <
or > to mark hidden text.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI --model-dir " DIR"
Load model artifacts from a directory instead of embedded bytes.
.TP
.BI --manifest " NAME"
Manifest filename inside model-dir. Default: source-model-artifacts.json.
.SH KEY BINDINGS
.SS Normal mode
.TP
.B Up, Down, Tab, Shift+Tab
Move field selection.
.TP
.B Enter
Edit the selected field.
.TP
.B l
Open location search mode.
.TP
.B e
Recompute the estimate.
.TP
.B q, Ctrl+C
Quit.
.SS Edit mode
.TP
.B Enter
Apply value and recompute.
.TP
.B Tab, Shift+Tab
Apply value, recompute, and move field selection.
.TP
.B Esc
Return to normal mode.
.TP
.B Backspace, Delete, Left, Right, Home, End
Edit the selected field value.
.SS Location mode
.TP
.B text keys
Edit the city search query.
.TP
.B Up, Down, Tab
Move through city search results.
.TP
.B Enter
Apply the selected city and recompute.
.TP
.B Esc
Return to normal mode.
.SH STATE
.B pv-tui
stores a small JSON state file in the OS-specific user config directory resolved
by the directories crate. If state cannot be loaded or saved, the TUI continues
with defaults and reports the issue in the status line.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I artifacts/source-models-768x8-int8
Default source-model bundle embedded at compile time.
.TP
.I https://huggingface.co/lelloman/pv-estimator-tight-v1-int8
Hugging Face model bundle for external downloads.
.TP
.I docs/TUI.md
Detailed TUI reference.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR pv (1)
