.TH PV 1 "2026-06-05" "PV Estimator 0.1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
pv \- local photovoltaic production estimator
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pv
.I COMMAND
.RI [ OPTIONS ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B pv
runs local photovoltaic production estimates and city search. The default
estimate path uses the embedded tight-v1 INT8 source-model bundle. City search
uses the embedded GeoNames catalog.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B estimate
Estimate photovoltaic production for explicit coordinates.
.TP
.B search
Search the embedded city catalog.
.SH ESTIMATE
.B "pv estimate"
.BI --lat " LATITUDE"
.BI --lon " LONGITUDE"
.RI [ OPTIONS ]
.PP
Required options:
.TP
.BI --lat " LATITUDE"
Latitude in decimal degrees, from -90 to 90.
.TP
.BI --lon " LONGITUDE"
Longitude in decimal degrees, from -180 to 180. For negative values, prefer the
form
.BI --lon= -3.7038
so the value is not parsed as an option.
.PP
Optional options:
.TP
.BI --location-id " ID"
Identifier copied into output. Default: custom.
.TP
.BI --name " NAME"
Display name copied into output. Default: Custom location.
.TP
.BI --region " REGION"
Region or country label copied into output.
.TP
.BI --kwp " KWP"
Peak power in kWp. Default: 1.0.
.TP
.BI --loss-pct " PCT"
System loss percent. Default: 14.0.
.TP
.BI --tilt-deg " DEG"
Panel tilt in degrees from horizontal. Default: 30.0.
.TP
.BI --azimuth-deg " DEG"
PVGIS-style azimuth. 0 is south, -90 is east, 90 is west. Default: 0.0.
.TP
.BI --model-dir " DIR"
Load model artifacts from a directory instead of embedded bytes.
.TP
.BI --manifest " NAME"
Manifest filename inside model-dir. Default: source-model-artifacts.json.
.TP
.BI --format " table|json"
Output format. Default: table.
.SH SEARCH
.B "pv search"
.I QUERY
.RI [ OPTIONS ]
.PP
Arguments and options:
.TP
.I QUERY
City query. Trimmed query must contain at least two characters.
.TP
.BI --limit " N"
Maximum result count, from 1 to 50. Default: 10.
.TP
.BI --format " table|json"
Output format. Default: table.
.SH EXAMPLES
.EX
pv search Milan
pv search Milan --limit 5 --format json
pv estimate --lat 45.4642 --lon 9.1900
pv estimate --lat 40.4168 --lon=-3.7038 --format json
.EE
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B pv
returns 0 on success and a non-zero status on validation, argument parsing, model
loading, or inference errors.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I artifacts/source-models-768x8-int8
Default source-model bundle embedded at compile time.
.TP
.I https://huggingface.co/lelloman/pv-estimator-tight-v1-int8
Hugging Face model bundle for external downloads.
.TP
.I docs/CLI.md
Detailed command reference.
.TP
.I docs/MODEL_CARD.md
Model-card documentation for the embedded source-model ensemble.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR pv-tui (1)
